Hello everybody, hopefully you can all hear me, just put a yes in the chat if you can hear me and see me and all the tech's working okay. I'll just wait until the delay catches up and I hopefully see some yeses. Awesome, hello, yay, hello everybody. 

Good, it's always good when these things work nice and quickly. I've managed to turn my VPN off today so we won't have hopefully a dodgy connection where things start dropping out. Looks like we've got a good frame rate, good connection, so yeah hopefully good to go. 

I've put a little poll on, if you've not voted on the poll in chat yet please vote on that. It's just a quick poll as to how long the exercises took people, there's no right or wrong answer. I know some of you as well might not have finished the exercises yet and haven't voted on there but yeah if you have finished the exercises please just vote on that poll. 

Good, okay seems like lots of people have voted on there, that's great. How many responses have we got so far? 84 votes already, nice. Okay good, so welcome to the second live session and thank you so much for joining live again. 

Thanks to everyone that came to the first live session and that's interacted on Discord and on the forum since. It's been such a positive energy everywhere, everyone's been so lovely and really productive conversations so I just want to say thank you for being part of that vibe, bringing that positive energy. I hope we can carry on bringing that throughout the boot camp. 

I know it starts with me, it starts with the mentors but it's definitely been coming from everyone that's a student on the boot camp as well so thank you all for that. So this session today, we're going to start off by looking at the exercises that you've already done. I want to quickly go through those and sort of just talk through what my mental process would be. 

Normally that's what we're going to be doing on the Saturday sessions so the Saturday sessions are going to be sort of like labs that you get at university. For those of you that have been to university, if you haven't, the general idea is that you've got sort of a lecturer or the professor or whatever who will sit there and work with you, help you get unstuck, called labs because I imagine in the day this actually happened in labs but that's what the Saturday sessions are normally for but we're just going to have a quick look at things today because obviously our teaching session was on the Saturday and then today is a Monday so we don't have another opportunity. Then we're going to do, before that we're going to do a little bit of housekeeping, a couple of announcements, a couple of things I want to show you and then we're going to move on to the bulk of this which is going to be looking at our next topics. 

Today we're going to start animating things and we're also going to learn how to structure our code a little bit better than we have been doing so far. Does that all sound good? Any questions before we get started? I'm just going to check this poll, nearly 100, four more people need to vote on this to get us to 100 votes. How often are the sessions per week? There's two sessions, one is the Monday which is a teaching session and then one is a Saturday which is the labs that I just explained. 

I'm going to leave this poll up just for a couple more minutes but it looks like people are sort of taking I guess maybe around the 30 minutes to two hour sort of region and then a few people taking a bit longer, maybe a few people a bit quicker. That's sort of what I would expect so that's good. How long are the sessions usually expected to last? Chris asks, I'm going to try and keep them to about 90 minutes. 

Some of them might be shorter, I was going to say some would be shorter and then I'm checking myself. I don't know if I've ever done a teaching session that's shorter than 90 minutes but there are going to be weeks where we only cover like one quite small thing just because I feel like you're already working through enough and maybe it's more about bringing concepts together so those ones might be a bit shorter. There will be some that are just a bit more in-depth and complex and where I really want to make sure you understand stuff, today is probably one of those. 

Those might go on a little bit longer. It also depends on how many questions people are asking, whether people are understanding my explanations. It might be that I'm explaining things that's making no sense and we have to take a different direction, they might go on longer. 

Then the lab sessions on the Saturdays, I'm probably just going to stick around for I don't know two, three hours as long as is needed to help people really but what I'll try and do is sort of go through the bulk of stuff at the beginning again in about 90 minutes and then if people have got questions, maybe they're stuck on things, I'll work with people for another sort of hour, hour and a half in those sessions as well. We might even split that in half and do like one formal session and then break it out into like a discord session or something that's not recorded and more just helping people but we'll see how that goes but certainly there'll be a sort of walkthrough exercise chat about it that happens on the Saturdays that lasts probably 90 minutes. Okay great, so we have one rule, I'm going to finish this poll now, we've passed 102, thank you all for voting, that's really cool.

I have one rule which is every week you're all allowed to moan at me for one thing, something just crashed on my computer, I have no idea what's just changed, it's weird, I think we're all good still, I think finishing that poll just triggered something. So yeah, I have a rule, every week you're allowed to all moan at me for one thing that really annoyed you in the exercises so I'm going to start each of the sessions by asking you what it was that was the hardest bit or most frustrating bit of the exercises. So post in the chat, tell me either the bit you didn't enjoy, the bit that was really frustrating, the bit that you thought was easy but then actually turned out to be really hard. 

I know the penguin's nose is up there for some people, the roof was one, triangles not in the order, that's an interesting one. So that was one thing, we'll look at this in a minute with the triangles but I felt like if you stuck to the sort of coordinates I put in there and just moved everything a bit then that's sort of the way I imagine people doing it but I think people just sort of recreated the triangle from scratch which then didn't work as I expected so I changed the rules a little bit so they are agnostic in order now. I'll look at the clouds in a second, the raindrops, interesting, okay.

DJ was frustrated that he didn't know that he could hover over the image. The rectangle in the cloud, okay, yeah, okay. Face the penguin, yeah it's weird how the penguin exercises harder than it looks, right, it's a strange one, okay.

Okay, good question from Chris there, so didn't know what he was supposed to be learning in regards to coding. So that's a good question, I tried to sort of write a little bit about this in the instructions and I talked about it a lot in the first video that a big part of this course is about learning the coding mindset. I talked about it in lots of depth in the first video so I won't go through it again massively now but there are lots of things in programming that are going to mean you will succeed or you don't succeed that are around how much you can slow down, think things through carefully, read carefully, be precise in your reading, be precise in your writing, communicate clearly with a computer and with others. 

These are actually the things that will mean you get good at coding or you end up in the place that a lot of people end up with where they know how to do things like oh I can use all of these different constructs but everything's so frustrating because they can't sort of slow their thinking down and make it quite meticulous. So the aim of the exercise was to challenge you to do that really, to be meticulous in your thinking. With a lot of them, and hopefully we'll look at that in a minute, you should be able to predict quite accurately what's going to happen when you hit that check scenarios button without pressing it. 

You should be able to think things through and work those things out. So a lot of the aim of the exercises was to get you to slow down and do that well but also to get a lot of people writing their first lines of code. People will have had errors, they'll have missed brackets, they'll have made typos, they will have got lots of different errors in those situations. 

Getting comfortable just with having some errors and being able to deal with them where the stakes are quite low, where there's not like lots and lots of different things that are interacting but it's like if you forget to put some quotes on a string hopefully you get an error message that tells you something you can make sense of. We want to get people used to those error messages and all of that sort of stuff up front in quite a controlled environment. So that was the other aim of this really, to let people make mistakes, either logic problem solving mistakes or coding mistakes and just sort of get used to the fact that that happens and that it's not the end of the world if it does.

I'm just going to read. Dark mode for the boot camp, yeah we're going to do that at some point. Okay, great. 

Thank you all. That's really kind to say, thank you. Yeah, so I mean the boot camp is it's a weird one because the boot camp is very cheap compared to all of the other boot camps out there but it's also very expensive for a lot of the people that have joined this boot camp.

And yeah, that's one of the big challenges with education is when you have really, you know, top professional developers, you know, I could earn a lot of money in a normal job. Lots of our mentors do earn lots of money and are giving up time that they could be making more money but for a lot of people who need to learn the most they actually can't afford very much at all which is why one of the big challenges with education, I think one of the most important things is to create content that lots and lots of people can use which means lots of people can buy the boot camp for hopefully a small amount of money but that all added together means that it becomes financially feasible for me to do it, for us to run the service, everything else. So yeah, the boot camp really, you know, if lots of you hadn't signed up you wouldn't be able to run it. 

We'll still make a loss on the boot camp, we'll probably make quite a big loss on the boot camp but there's enough people that mean it's like feasible and also all of the learnings and everything we're going to take from this we're going to release into another product later in the year which is going to be, you know, hopefully very affordable as well but hopefully we can have a million people learn to code through that and then that suddenly makes, you know, hiring other people, doing all this stuff a lot more feasible. But yeah, thank you for saying that. Okay, so let's dig in. 

So there's a couple of things that I noted that I just want to mention. So it's been really good for people posting on discord and on the forum just to get a feel for how people are doing where they're getting stuck. A couple of things. 

One thing, I want you to watch these teaching videos in full from start to finish before you start the exercises. There were only a few situations where people got really stuck and that was when they'd sort of stopped watching the video halfway through and then just started the exercises. If you do that you're sort of missing the point a little bit. 

You're not going to, you're going to just be hacking away, guessing. So please watch the video, you know, it could be then two days later before you get time to actually work on the exercises. One of the reasons I'm trying to keep these videos concise is so everyone can watch them without spending too long on it but please watch the video in full before you start the exercises. 

That's one thing. It's been really good that people have not been trying to play whack-a-mole. I talked about this a lot in the previous video, you know, be meticulous, be calm in your thinking, don't just guess and hit things. 

I know some people did that for a while and then got frustrated and gave up. That's fine, like, don't feel bad if you end up playing whack-a-mole. I do all the time, like, but it's definitely good to just try and really, like, nurture that muscle of thinking. 

It really is a thinking muscle, not a whack-a-mole muscle. So be as precise and as patient as you can for as long as you can until you just want to start whacking them all and then don't feel bad about that. Another thing, words matter. 

The one thing that people got caught out by was not reading carefully or carefully enough and also not trusting that the words meant what they meant. So when we say something is symmetrical, like, slow down a bit and think about what that means that something is symmetrical. Think about how you can use the information of it being symmetrical. 

We'll look at this in a second when we go through the exercises, but there were a few examples I saw I thought if people had just read that a bit more carefully. The penguin's nose, I think, was one. I said make sure you use one triangle, not two triangles, in the instructions and then people used two triangles and got a bit frustrated. 

They hadn't, it didn't work. But, like, the more slow, the more you can slow down, read the instructions, even if it's exciting, even if it feels like it's going to be easy, just take your time and that's important in coding in general. Like, a lot of coding is interacting with code other people have written and in that reading docs, like documentation, reading, even tutorials. 

If you can slow down and take your time, not just think, oh, I've got this, it's really easy and bash through it. If you can slow down, you're going to learn quicker and better. And so, it's worth that extra bit of time investment. 

This is a really, really big one. Don't change the initial code that you're given unless you know you're supposed to change it. We have this annexism all the time.

Like, we put a lot of work into thinking through what's the initial code that we give you as a starting point. And normally, we give you initial code because we know that if we gave you a blank piece of paper, you could make certain mistakes very quickly that then cause the whole exercise to get very hard. So, the reason we give you those, we call them stub files, like the initial files, the initial bit of code that you get. 

We've really thought through that. I have spent probably six hours today just thinking through those for the exercises that you'll get later. Just really double checking, okay, is this enough? Is it not enough? But lots of the time, people just delete that code and start hacking, or they just edit a bit of the code. 

And that's a really bad habit, and you definitely want to get out of that habit. We have a thing at Exism called Chesterton's Fence, and I'll link to this later. I mean, in fact, let me just pull up this in the docs because it's a really good principle in general. 

If we go to... I think it's in community. Yeah, Chesterton's Fence. So, this document that I wrote, this is just in Exism's general docs.

And this is about suggestions when people want to change things on Exism. And we say, when you suggest something for Exism, we really appreciate the suggestion, but tell us, think through why the thing that's there is already there. It's a good article to read, I think, because it's important for that. 

But this idea of thinking things through first, thinking through things, thinking through why things are there is really important. And so, I'll link this afterwards. But yeah, top tip, don't just change that initial code that you're given. 

When you're given the code, trust that it's there for a reason, and read it carefully before you mess with it. Okay, let me just check the comments. Okay. 

A couple of... Yeah, I'll come on to comments in a minute. Thank you for the person that's just asked about that. So, there's a few things using spoiler tags. 

So, this is an important one. We talked about this a little bit, I think, in the last one, but probably not enough. So, if we jump over here, let's start in the form. 

So, I'm trying to remember where I put this. Maybe it's one of these. Yeah. 

So, these are spoiler tags. Everyone see these? So, if you're going to share code, and thank you to Brent for doing it here, if you're going to share code, it's important not just to give away the solution to other people. And so, you can put things in these spoiler tags. 

Can I edit this? Yeah, show you how it's done. So, to do this, you can use these spoiler tags. So, you just put the word spoiler in square brackets, and then anything that you put inside of that, and then you put square brackets slash spoiler at the other end, anything that you put into that is going to sort of go grey like this with a sort of blur, and then you can click on it to see what it says underneath. 

So, if you want to make a suggestion to somebody, and you don't want everyone else that comes in the forum to, like, give away the answer to them, this is a really important thing to do. And then you can do the same thing on Discord as well. So, if we come into here, I think it's try in here. 

I'll do a spoiler. You probably can't see that. It's going to Discord in the browser.

So, okay. If we do a spoiler tags thread in here, you're welcome to join. So, I think it's three bars in here.

I got that right. Yes. So, exactly the same thing in here, but you can say, hello, this is a three bar spoiler. 

If I can spell spoiler correctly, to hide things. And then whatever you put in here, again, same thing, you click on it. Maybe it's two lines. 

It's two or three lines. You can experiment. But yeah, that's the, those are key things to do. 

Two bars, not three bars. Only two bars. Okay. 

Thank you. So, something. Hide. 

Perfect. Two bars. So, if you're using, giving away any code in general, even if you're asking, like, questions about your code, and you're giving away some answers in doing it, try and use spoiler tags, because that just doesn't spoil it for anyone else. 

Another thing is not to give away the answers in, like, helping people. I saw a thread earlier. I'm not going to show it, because I don't want to call anyone out individually. 

But somebody said, I'm really stuck on this. And somebody said, oh, try this code, and just sort of pasted the answer. I want you to think, if you paste the answer to somebody, or give somebody the answer, you're literally stealing off them. 

You're stealing the opportunity for them to learn. You're literally robbing them of that opportunity. Because by telling them the answer, you're stopping their brain from having to work hard to make those neural links. 

So, please, please, please, don't give away the answers to anyone. Even if you're trying to be helpful, you know someone's stuck, and you want to say, oh, I was stuck on that too. I did this.

Remember, the point of the exercises is not to solve the exercises. We don't care about solving the exercises. We care about what we learn while we solve the exercises. 

So, it's never a good idea to tell someone the answer, or even to tell someone the method. If you want to help someone, it's important to ask them questions. You can say something like, maybe you should read the second point more clearly. 

Or, like, reread the instructions. There's a hint in there. Or you could say, I think you've deleted a bit of the starting code. 

Like, you can help people in that way. But, generally, asking questions, and we talked about this a lot in the first one, is really the key to helping people. That's a message for mentors, as well as for students. 

But, please, just be careful about it. A question about, I mentioned linking something. I don't know what YouTube tags are. 

No, sadly not. That would be too nice. YouTube interface is quite basic.

Okay. I think that's it. Okay. 

So, a couple of other housekeeping things. We now have a bootcamp announcements channel in Discord, which you can see here. I don't think you can create posts in here. 

You're not supposed to be able to, but you can reply to them and create threads. And there's also, in the bootcamp over here, there is a bootcamp announcements thread here. So, this bootcamp announcement thread is a channel category, category, forum category.

Bootcamp announcements category is where I put everything you need to know. So, these are all of the essential things you need to know throughout the course. And then, generally, I'll post a long form thing here, and then I'll probably post a small summary in Discord and link back over here.

But, yeah. So, keep an eye on this forum announcements place. Really important.

And I'll also just link on Discord just to remind you as well. Next thing. So, this is new. 

A few people have been asking how they can help promote the bootcamp to get more people on it. Somebody, and I can't remember their name, so let's jump in and find, asked about, let's scroll up here. So, LionMag put together a great little video showing what they're doing that you can go and watch in the bootcamp channel here.

And, yeah. So, I've been thinking about how do we help you promote this? How do we get more people in? So, a couple of things. One, I have put the first YouTube video we recorded, the live session like public on YouTube, so anyone can access it with the hope that, one, it will get some traction and people will sign up as a result, which has already happened. 

But, two, hopefully, we can all go and share that. So, I would really appreciate it if you could go and like that video. It's over here. 

If you could give that a like, if you watched the last one and you like it. I presume you liked it because you're still here. But if you could like that, that would be really helpful just to sort of give YouTube's algorithm a nudge. 

And also, subscribing to X's YouTube channel is great as well. That really helps the algorithm, again, nudge us up. If you don't want to, you don't have to, no pressure on this, but those things would be a nice little boost for us.

So, yeah, if you could do that, you can either do it in a new tab now or do it afterwards. That'd be great. If you want to share it, it is a public video now, you can just click on share. 

You can go to the start if you want. I think it's 1400 seconds, 1400 seconds is the starting point of it. So, you can sort of create a link that starts at like whatever time in 20 minutes in, I think, yeah, 2230. 

So, if you want to share that video on LinkedIn or your social media or with friends or whatever, and just say, I'm doing this thing, I thought I'd share it with you. You can watch the first session back, see if you like it. As I've said before, the more people on the course, the better professional network we can all build out of this. 

Also, if you've got friends doing this with you, it can be quite fun. You can moan about me with somebody that you know, which is less inappropriate than on a public channel. So, yeah, it'd be nice for you to get friends on. 

And to help incentivise that for people, we've also added this. I don't have it on here, but there's going to be a section on here in between these two, where I'm going to give a voucher code for you. And you can put that voucher code again on LinkedIn or give it to friends or social media or whatever. 

And it's 20% off the bootcamp. But anyone that uses that voucher code, I will give you 20% of whatever they pay. So, if they pay $149, which is the whole thing, they'll get 20% off that. 

So, they'll pay $119. And then I'll give you 20% of that as well. So, whatever that is, $30 or something, as a sort of a referral fee. 

You can donate that to Exism if you want to. We have the same thing with Insiders, which is like Exism's premium thing where nearly all the Insiders have chosen to donate that back to Exism. But for a lot of people, that could be really important money that's like almost makes your course free if you've got five people to sign up. 

So, yeah, that might really help you. And if that's the case, I want to do that and help you. So, feel free, just take that 20% and keep it. 

So, everyone will get their own little voucher code that they put on, which is how I can track who's supposed to get the referral fees. And that will appear on your dashboard a bit later on. Any questions about any of those things? Let me just read through. 

Are all YouTube sessions going to be public on YouTube? No, they're not. So, I put the first one on. I might put this one on as well, but I won't put any of this on.

I might put one really late on as a just a taster for people, or maybe like the first one of part two or something. But the rest of it will all be private on here. Cool. 

So, yeah, if you could do that, that would definitely help us get more people on. If you don't feel comfortable doing that, please don't. That's absolutely fine as well. 

There's absolutely no pressure on there. Cool. Somebody a minute ago asked about comments. 

So, I forgot to cover this somehow in the session last week. So, you'll have seen as you've started the exercise, these comments, these things on the right that look like this. They start with two slashes in front of them and then have some words after them. 

You can put these things on their own lines like this, or you can put them at the end of a line if you want to sort of explain something that's already happened. And these are basically just comments just for humans, just for people. They're useful for you as a way of working out what to do and documenting your thought process.

They can be really useful if you're writing complicated code that you might want to come to later to help you understand why you made decisions you made, to explain what the code does maybe. And they can be really, really useful for future developers who are going to see your code. Jiki on the right hand side here, when this gets passed to Jiki, when the computer's looking at the code, it doesn't see any of this code at all. 

It strips everything out. So, any blank lines like sort of line six, they just get stripped out. That doesn't get sent through. 

Any lines with comments on, they just get stripped. Any comments on the ends of lines, they just get stripped out as well. So, comments are really useful. 

There are always a few comments in the initial files we give you that sort of tell you a little bit what to do and give you some hints, but it's a really good practise to add your own comments. Yeah, just be as sort of liberal with that as you can be. And there is a post on the concept section. 

So, if you didn't see that last week, you can have a look. If you go into level one, you see, scroll down a bit, all of these different key concepts. And so, comments are one of the key concepts. 

You can see that diagram I just showed you here, which for some reason looks slightly nicer coloured. I didn't notice today that somehow when the images get from my tablet onto the screen out to you, the colours get a bit weird along the way. But yeah, it looks how it's supposed to look with nice colours and things over there.

Cool. Any questions about comments? Sorry, I missed them last week. Hopefully, you all sort of made sense of them. 

The sort of slightly greyed out nature of them does help. But has anyone got any comments on? Comments on the comments while I take my first swig of coffee on me, I think. It's a good question. 

Can you make multi-line comments? You can make multi-line comments by putting lots of slashes in a row. So, if you want to have a whole block of text, like you can see here at the bottom, you can just start lots of lines with slash, slash, space, and do that all of the way down. In other languages, you can do comments where you put like an indicator at the start and indicator at the end. 

That doesn't work in JikkiScript. I think I prefer the simplicity of this for what we're trying to do here. Good. 

Okay, great. So, let me get my notes up. Okay, so we're going to take a little look at the exercises, first of all.

I want to sort of go through these relatively quickly, just because most of you will have solved them at this point. But I do want to show how I would think about the exercises and sort of the approaches I would take. While I'm doing this, it'd be really good if there's anything you don't understand, or doesn't make sense, or is an aha moment for you. 

Just put those in the comments in the YouTube channel, because it's quite useful for me to know as I'm saying this stuff, whether it's a good use of your time or good use of my time to explain it. So, yeah, give me some feedback as I'm going. So, starting off with the sunshine, I'm going to do these in the order that they were supposed to be done in. 

I'm not going to do the maize, because that was pretty easy. So, if we reset the exercise, your job here is to draw the sun. We know that the sun should have a radius of 50-50, sorry, of 25. 

And we know that it should be in the centre of the image. We know the centre of the image is 50-50, because the canvas is of all 100 pixels across. So, we can very simply say the circle should be 50-50-25, go. 

And we've got our sun in the middle. Oh, screen's not shared. Thank you. 

Okay, let's rewind. Okay, let's do that bit again. So, we've got... Nice. 

Okay, someone got it right first time. So, yeah, we're saying the circle is in the middle. We know the middle is 50-50, because it's 100 by 100 square. 

And we know that the radius is 25, because we get told that here. So, we can simply write this. We can change the to-do.

We don't need... It's not to-do anymore. It's a real thing. So, we can change our comment to say that. 

And then we can run out. I'm just going to make this a little bit bigger for you all as well. Okay, so that's the sun. 

Did people find that one relatively straightforward? Did people find that... Anyone have any trouble with that one? No, JavaScript and JikiScript don't have doc strings. Okay, good. That one was straightforward. 

Okay, so let's get back a couple. So, the penguin, okay. The penguin caught a few people out with this face. 

So, let's look at the instructions here a second. So, we've added these to-do comments, first of all. So, you should know what to do. 

Notice that here we say change the middle coordinates of the nose. Don't add a new triangle. Okay, so we're going to walk through this. 

We need to add the right wing. Now, we know this is symmetrical. So, what does symmetrical mean? Symmetrical means that everything on one side is a mirror image of everything on the other side. 

So, we can imagine sort of putting a mirror down the centre here. And if we do that, everything on this side should look the inverse of everything on this side. So, I would start here. 

My instinct would be to start with the foot because the foot looks pretty easy. So, I would copy the left foot and I would say, okay, what do I... I want to move the left foot. I want to put the left foot over here to make a right foot. 

What needs to change? Well, it's going to be the same position in terms of height, in terms of the y-axis, sorry. So, we don't need to change this. That will be the same.

It's the same size foot because it's just a reflection. So, the size doesn't change. So, neither of these need to change. 

So, the only thing that needs to change is the x-coordinate. So, I'd look at this and I'd say, okay, the x-coordinate here is 40. So, that's 10 pixels away from the middle, which is 50. 

And that's the centre of the ellipse. So, what we want to do is move the centre of the ellipse the same amount onto the other side. So, it's 40, centre is 50, middle is 60. 

So, I would then put the right foot at 60. I'd check that and we now have a foot in the perfect place. Remove the to-do comment, keep going. 

Okay, let's do the nose. No, let's do the nose last. The nose got people, so we'll do that last. 

Okay, right side of the face. What do we think? We've just looked at something that's symmetrical further down. Let's take a look at this. 

So, right side of the face, exactly the same. So, it's going to be the same height, it's going to be the same width, and it's going to be the same way down. This time it's 41. 

So, it's one pixel further this way, which means it needs to go one pixel further in on the other side. So, if we start on 41 here, that's nine away from the centre. And on this side, it's nine away here.

So, we know that that is 59 and that's going to add the right side to the face. We can do the same with the right wing. So, right wing, same height, same position on the Y. This time it's 28. 

So, 28 away from 50 is 22. 50 plus 22 is 72. So, we can put that there and that works. 

Right eye. So, again, I'd copy the left eye and I would say, okay, first of the eye itself, same Y position, same radius. This one is eight off, so it should be 58. 

Put that, that's the right place. And then the same with this, seven away. So, let's add seven on the other side. 

Okay, that's in the right place. And then we're onto the nose. So, the nose, we've got three coordinates, 46 by 38. 

So, that's this one here, 46 by 38. 50 by 38. So, 50 is the middle one here, which is 38 at the top.

And then 50 by 47, which is this one, 50 by 47 here. So, the 50 by 47 is right. That's correct. 

The 46 by 38 is correct. So, this one here, the 50 by 38 is wrong. Now, we know that we want this point of the triangle to be the same distance away, and we know that's 46, which is four away from 50, four away from the middle. 

So, we can say that this should be 54 on the other side, and we have a nose. That's how I would do the penguin. And I'm going to read your comments and see what you think.

Checking scenarios as you go. No, checking scenarios as you go is absolutely fine. You definitely want to be checking your code. 

Whack-a-mole would be me going, okay, let's say this right wing. I would say, okay, where are we? Come up here. I'd say, okay, I've got no idea where this is supposed to go. 

I'll just start at 85 by 57. Okay, that looks a bit off. So, let's move it this way a bit. 

Okay, that's a bit like that. Let's move it like that. Okay. 

So, it's a bit too far out. So, let's move it like that. Still a bit too far. 

Let's do this. Okay, now it's right. That's whack-a-mole. 

You're not learning much from doing that. It's still good practise. You're writing some code, but you're not really engaging your problem solving. 

And as soon as we get further into programming, you can't do that. Like, you'll just get lost. It will just be painful. 

You'll just be in a mess straight away. The slowing down and just vocalising, okay, I know this needs to go here. This bit needs to stay the same. 

This bit needs to change. That's problem solving. That's thinking. 

That's what I want you to be doing. Not guessing, twiddling, moving around. So, that's what I mean by whack-a-mole.

You don't have to use the fill colour hex again because the last colour hasn't changed. The colour hasn't changed. If you wanted to, if you moved the foot up here, for example, and the nose would be the same, but if I moved this to here, say, then it's going to break.

If I moved it further up anyway, it would need to be different. But because it's just using the same colour on two things in a row, you don't need to repeat it twice. So, yeah, someone says there about wanting to dive in and then read the instructions. 

You really need to get the instructions clear first. Even if it's in the instructions this week, the first instruction in a lot of the exercises is to get a pen and paper and write down everything you think you need to do before you read how to do anything or start writing. Your action, so it is an action, is to get a pen and paper and write. 

Like, this is what I'm going to do in this order. And that process, you can start diving in and thinking, but you're not just hacking away at code. Like, you can do it with a pen and paper first. 

That's great. But by the time you write code, by the time you edit stuff, I want you to have, I want you to be pretty confident you've got the solution right in your head. Okay, let me read through a few more of these comments.

Yeah, copying and pasting definitely is fine. It's good to type code, but you're going to be doing that a lot moving forward. So, my hope is that by seeing how easy this exercise is, if you slow down, like, it would have taken me a lot longer to do that in whack-a-mole mode than it would be to do it in think-it-through mode. 

So, I want you to realise that thinking it through is quicker and faster and easier than whack-a-mole. And imagine the complexity of this is like 100 times more complex. Whack-a-mole, that gap gets like 100 times bigger. 

Whack-a-mole becomes 100 times slower, but thinking it through is still fast. And so, yeah, you get, I'm not going to carry on nailing the point, but yeah. Okay, good. 

Let's move on to the next one. So, jumbled house. So, let's reset this exercise. 

Okay, so we've got jumbled house. So, we've got a frame of the house, a big square, and we're told here that this is 60 wide, 40 high. So, we know that we can just start off by saying 60 wide, 40 high, and its top corner should be 20 by 50. 

Okay, so that's in the right place straight away, nice and easy. Okay, the roof sits snugly on the top of the house's frame. It should overhang the left and right of the house by four on each side. 

It should have a height of 20, and it should be centred horizontally. Okay, so first thing I'm going to do is look at the triangle points that I've been given. So, what are the starting points? So, I've got three points. 

One is down here at 26, 90. One is here at 60, 60, and one is here at 190. So, left, top, right. 

That's my order of points. Now, I know that it should sit snugly on the top of the house's frame. So, I can start off by saying, okay, these bottom two coordinates need to sit on top, and we know that the frame's top corner is 50 high. 

So, we know that these outside two should be 50. This one and this one should both be 50, and we know that the height of the house is 20. So, this one we know needs to be 50 minus 20, which is 30. 

So, those are the y coordinates. This should now, I should be able to check scenarios and just see this lift up. There you go.

So, it's now correct in terms of being on there. Okay, we know it fits snugly. So, we know this centre point needs to be, sorry, we know it is central. 

So, we know the centre point needs to be 50. We know it needs to overhang four on either side. We know its top left is at 20.

So, we know that if it overhangs, it's going to hang 20 minus four. So, that's 16. And the other way is this point, which we can work out as 20 plus 60. 

So, that's 80 plus four. And we can say, so this is going to be 84. Okay, the roof is on the house. 

The windows are both the same size. Okay, so let's do these both together. So, they've both got a width of 12 and a height of 13.

And let's just check that. Okay, they both sit five from the top of the house frame. So, we know the house frame is 50. 

So, we know that they're both sitting at 55. This one's already nicely done for you there, a little hint that you're doing something right. And we know they're 10 inset. 

So, we know this left one starts at 20. So, it's another 10 is 30. And we know that this one needs to be 10 the other way. 

So, it needs to be this left-hand side that we know is 80, 20 plus 60. It needs to be 10 inset, but we're saying the left side of the window. So, we've got the right wall, the right side of the window, which is 10, but we have to define the left coordinate. 

So, we know it's 80 minus 10, so 70. And then we know it's 12 wide. So, it's 58, I think. 

68, 58, perfect. Okay, my maths was good. Then we know the door. 

Okay, sits in the bottom of the house. So, we know the bottom of the house is 40 high and 50 from the top. So, we know that's 90, but we know that we define things from the top left. 

So, it's 90 minus 18, which is 72. And we know that it should sit in the centre, but the centre point, we've defined the top left of the rectangle. So, it's the centre minus half the width, which is 7. So, we know it should be 43.

Then we know that the doorknob needs to be positioned correctly. It's currently up here in the wrong place. We know it has a radius of 1. It's inset 1 from the right, and it's centred vertically. 

So, we know 72 plus 9 is the centre. So, 72 plus 9 is 81. It's got a radius of 1, but we define the centre, so that's fine.

And then we know that it's 1 inset from the side. We know that the right side of the door is 43 plus 14, so 57. And we know that this sits then 1 back, so this is 56. 

And that's wrong, 55 on that stuff. Whack-a-mole at the end to get it right. Then why did I get it wrong? Because I specified the edge of the circle, not the centre of the circle. 

So, you can whack-a-mole to get it right, to get it wrong, to get it right. You can whack-a-mole to get it right, but you need to then go back and think, why did I get it wrong? What was wrong about it? So, instinctively, I knew it should be 1 to the side, but I didn't know why, from a coding perspective, that was correct. I only knew because I could see it was a bit too far to the side.

Okay, so that's how I would have done the house. Does that make sense? What do people think about the house? Did you whack-a-mole that one more than you needed to? Yeah, checking the coordinates on this one is unnecessary. On the cloud one, definitely necessary. 

Shouldn't it be 55.5 instead of 50 when the radius is 1? No, because you're specifying the centre. So, the centre is here at 55, it's then 1, 56, and then 1, 57 to the end of the door. It would be 55 if it was the diameter, not the radius.

Can I repeat it again? I could, but I'm not going to, but you can watch the video back later to watch it back. I'm going through quickly because most of you will have solved this, and I think it's useful to think through the logic that I'm explaining rather than worry too much about every single thing that I'm doing. I want you to see that logical bit, and you can watch it back later if you need to. 

Okay, so the final one is this one. This one, I designed this because I wanted you to do something that was a bit more guacamole. So, for this one, there's just these three sort of hints at how to start.

Now, there's two approaches you can take. So, you can make a sensible sort of guess, which is, I want to circle at 20, 20, 20 down, 80 across rather, 70, 60, 30. So, I'd start off without touching anything, without looking. 

I want to start off just by having a reason to guess. So, I know this block is 100 by 100. So, I know, and I know I'm trying to find a circle. 

So, if I'm just looking at the sun, I'll look on this one over here. This is sort of about 20% of the diagram. So, I think, and it's going to start about 30 down. 

So, this should be my sort of starting guess, and then I would say, okay, well, that's clearly a bit too big. It should be more this, and it's clearly a bit more like that. So, that's the first approach you can take. 

The second approach you can take is to actually measure things. So, you can come in and you can, let's do this for these ones. Let's make this white, and let's do our first circle. 

I can say, okay, I can clearly see there's a circle here. I can clearly see the starting point of this is 25 by 50, which is there. And I can clearly see that the difference between 25 and this is 10. 

So, it's got a radius of 10, and I would put that cloud in there. So, this is the approach I would take probably more thoroughly to do this because I very deliberately told you everything is divisible by five. So, that makes it a lot easier because you can just go, okay, well, it's about here. 

So, it's about 35 by 40. And if it's 35 here, and that's 25, then it's about 35. So, yeah, still got that one wrong by the look of it. 

Too low, needs to be higher, 35 up as well. It's tricky, isn't it? This is whack-a-mole. There you go. 

So, this is how I would approach this. This one is deliberately much more challenging to do. I think, as I said in the instructions, this exercise requires trial and error. 

You don't have specified things you have to do in this one. And that persistence of using this, of tweaking it, of trying it, of not being ashamed if you get something wrong, of being sort of willing to have trial and error is also a really important part of the hacker mindset, the coder mindset. Precision, when you can use precision is really key, but you do also need to be able just to sort of fiddle around, mess around, try things sometimes.

So, yeah, that's the... Let me read your comments. Ha, Harry's yellow a hex. I covered this in the last video.

You can go back and watch that in the last video. I explained about HTML colours from the 90s. Okay, raindrops. 

So, raindrops, I won't do all of the things, but raindrops, if we just make these blue. So, raindrops, centre point again. So, the centre point is 30, 70.

This is an ellipse. Okay, and then very specifically, I tell you that the width of the raindrops is not divisible by five. So, you can work out that this is still probably going to be something five high. 

And then if this is 30, 70, and this is 27 on the outside, I would suggest that that's that. And then that would be a raindrop. And then I can see that these three are perfectly lined up. 

So, I would copy this a couple of times and I would say, okay, this is 50. And then I'd say, well, I know that I can see that they're equal. So, I know that this is 70. 

And I would say, okay, and then I'll have two more on the next row. And I can see that this is going to be 40 and 60. And I can see that they're a bit lower.

The centre of this is 80. So, I know both these would be 80. And then I've got five raindrops.

So, that's how I approach the raindrops. So, yeah. But divisible, if you hadn't read that key little bit here, then you'd have got caught out by that, which is why, again, reading instructions, absolutely key. 

Any more comments? Yeah, understanding the instructions definitely makes solving them easier. Okay. So, after I've shown you those, anything anyone else wants to ask about the exercises, about week one, anything at all before we move on? And just to say, what we've just done is like a compressed version of what we'll do in labs moving forward on the Saturdays. 

I'll slow down a little bit on the Saturdays, go through things a bit more carefully and a bit more detail. But I want to sort of rush through this today, because there's a lot of new learning stuff that we're going to be covering in a minute. So, but if there's any questions about this, I'd love to answer them before I move on. 

So, please, either answer questions or just write happy or yes, or let's go or something in the side, just so I can make sure everyone's had a voice. Okay. People seem to be happy. 

Cool. I love all of the heart images, by the way. Can I do that? Yes, I can. 

Awesome. I can send them off myself. I didn't know that. 

I'm just going to sit here just doing this for the whole of the rest of the video now, just to make myself feel good. Excellent. Okay. 

Right. Everyone, just take a breath, just take some energy in, take some oxygen in. We're going to be turning our thinking, learning brains on now. 

So just take a second, have some water, just get yourself into the mood to learn some new things. None of this stuff we're going to learn today is hard, but as I said in the last thing, it's unfamiliar. It's going to just take a little bit of energy just to calmly think things through and hear things. 

Just take a moment just to reset yourself. We've been talking for an hour, so it's a good time to take a sec. Good luck with work, the person that's disappearing for work.

So, in week one, I'm going to call the session last week, week one. In week one, we looked at functions. Let me pull up my iPad. 

Okay. So, in week one, we looked at functions. You've been using functions lots in the last week. 

You've used these three functions that you can see on the screen. You've also used functions like rect and circle and changing the colours and other functions as well. And I told you to think of the code being run as Jicky. 

This is Jicky. As Jicky looking at some code on a whiteboard and then go in and finding the functions that you ask him to find and using them. Now, throughout this course, we're going to carry on zooming out a lot. 

Today, we're going to zoom out and we're going to look at the next set of shelves along the line, which are these, which are variables. For some reason, my colours have gone yellow. They're not supposed to look yellow, but when we look at the diagrams on the concepts page later, you'll be able to be able to see them. 

But we've got functions. That's this first set of shelves. You can see functions. 

They've got these, they're little machines. We're going to be looking at functions in a bit that have got some more inputs and things. And then you've got these. 

These are boxes. It's their little boxes. They've got little handles and they have these labels on.

And these boxes are what we're going to use throughout the course, throughout your whole career in programming to store information. So, Jicky has these functions that he can use at any point, but he also has these variables, these boxes that he can put things in throughout the programmes that you write. And then you can go and get these things out again later. 

And just like how every function has a name that we saw, so the functions here have move and turn right as their names. These boxes also have labels on. This is a box that's got a label for name.

And each box contains one thing. Each box contains, in this case, a string and that string is Jeremy. So, you can see Jicky here putting a string called Jeremy into a box called name.

Does that make sense so far? We've got a load of shelves, we've got boxes, Jicky can put things in boxes. He can stick a label on the box and he can put some sort of what we call value, a number, a string, whatever inside that box. Are we good so far? Good. 

So, we're going to spend a lot of time in this session and you're going to spend pretty much the whole of next week, not the whole of next week, but the whole of next week in your coding time at least, making lots of boxes and then using the things that you put in those boxes. So, we're going to look at lots and lots of examples in a minute of how this all works, but I'm going to show you what the code looks like to just make boxes first, and then we'll see where they're used and how they're used in a little bit. So, this is a line of code. 

It's a new line of code, you've not seen it before, and it has on it two keywords that you're going to see for the first time. First of these keywords is set, and the second one of these keywords is to. And when we want to create a box and put something in it, these are the keywords that we're going to use. 

And these keywords are special words that are reserved. Every different programming language has their own set of words. These two are just ones that Jikki understands.

You remember we had that slide at the beginning of the video last time with all of the different people who can understand those languages and run those languages. In JikkiScript, which is the language Jikki understands, the word set is one of the instructions he knows how to deal with, and then he also knows how to deal with this word to. So, what does it mean to set name to Jeremy? Well, I'm sure you can guess what it means, but let's go through what it means. 

So, when Jikki sees this line of code on his whiteboard, he sort of breaks it into two halves. So, to start with, he sees set name, and he knows that he needs to make a new box. And so, he puts together a new box. 

You can imagine him unpacking his cardboard box and putting it all out. Nice box. And he sees that the label that you want is this label name in this case. 

And so, he gets out his pen and he draws on the label the word name. And then he deals with the second half of this instruction, which is to Jeremy. And this means he gets a piece of paper and he writes Jeremy on the piece of paper as a string.

And then he puts that piece of paper into the box. So, now he's got this box with name on its label. So, he knows if you ever mention name again, he knows he has to go and find the box that was called name. 

And if he was to look inside the box, he would find a piece of paper inside a string that has the word Jeremy on. And he goes and he puts that back on his shelf and it's there. And then at any other time in the whole of the programme that you ever want to use that name, you can, I'll show you how in a bit, but you can tell him to use that name.

And he will go and he'll get that box off the shelf, find the box that's got name on it, and he will get out the piece of paper that's in it. Does that make sense so far? Give me some more yeses, or give me some more questions. Either were good. 

Okay, great. Awesome. Okay. 

If you get stuck at any point in the week, just come back to these instructions and just really think through really slowly what I'm saying here. And I really want you to have this mental model. Like, I know we discussed in the first thing about how it can maybe feel a bit childish to imagine Jicky inside a computer.

I really want you to have this mental model. I've been coding for a long time, 30 plus years, and I still in my head, imagine when I write code that I'm putting something in a box and I'm going to get it out later. And my mental model is more complex. 

I have a lot more stuff to do with boxes in my head. But I honestly still think of boxes. Like, it's still very, very to me, that's the way I think of things. 

And I want you to really internalise this. And as you're writing the code, I don't want you just seeing words and all of these weird keywords and what does set mean and what does... I want you to think very clearly. If I see set, calm down, set. 

Okay, that means I'm making a new box. Okay. I put the label of the box first, then I say what it's going into, to Jeremy. 

Okay. That means I'm going to put... I want you to have that narrative that's just there in your head when you're reading code. Okay. 

Everyone seems to be understanding this. Thank you for the compliment, Kazibitz. I appreciate it. 

So, we're going to look at another instruction, another keyword. And that keyword is change. So, we've seen set. 

Set means put the box together. Now, we're going to look at another keyword that you can understand, which means change. So, this instruction here is change name to Aaron.

We've got a new keyword, change. We've not seen it before, which you can guess what it means. It means to change what's in the box.

Jicky's going to go to the box and he's going to say, okay, we want to change the box. So, I need to take in whatever's in there. And he takes what was in there. 

And we know it was Jeremy because we just put it in there. He's going to get that out and he's just going to throw it in the bin. We don't need that anymore. 

Name's now empty. So, we need to put something else in it. We don't have empty boxes in JickyScript. 

That's not a thing. In some languages, you can get empty boxes, but in JickyScript, there's never an empty box. You're never going to have an empty box at the end of a line of code. 

When that line of code finishes, there's always something in the box. So, he gets rid of the thing that was in there, which was Jeremy, and he puts that in the bin. That's gone. 

And then we see, okay, we're going to put Alan in there instead. So, he gets a new piece of paper. He writes Alan on it and boom, into the box. 

So, at the end of this line of code, we've changed what's in the box from Jeremy. That's gone. That's in the bin. 

It's forgotten. We can never get that again. It's done.

And instead now, if we went and looked in that box later on in our programme, we'd see that the word Alan is in there instead as a string. Does that make sense so far? Give me some more yeses if that's clear. I'm going to sip some more water.

All right, a couple of questions, really good questions. So, first question, in this case, change is the action and name is the box. Yeah, 100%. 

So, the way I'd like you to think of it is change is, the word I'm using is the instruction. I really like the idea that we give Jicky instructions, and then Jicky follows those instructions. So, the instruction we're giving here is change. 

And then I'd like you to think of name as the label on the box. You can think of it as the box as well, but I think it's just, I think the clarity will come if you think of it as change name means find the box with the label name on. But yes, your understanding is 100% correct. 

Change is the action. Name is the box. That's 100%, 100% correct. 

And a question from DJ, I'll come back to that in one second. Will the name with Aaron be in the same place in terms of memory allocation? You, I'm not going to answer that because you don't, I don't want you to think of it in terms of memory allocation, which might sound a bit pedantic, but I think if you start thinking about things in terms of memory allocation, at this point, it's more than you need to think about. I very rarely think in those terms. 

Think very clearly. And this is where I think things can get really complex really quickly for beginners, is when they learn all of these concepts and they're trying to then keep all of these concepts in mind when they're programming. I don't ever do that. 

When I'm coding, I don't think of memory allocation unless I'm coding in a language that that's essential for, which is not JavaScript, which is what we're looking at. You never need to think about memory allocation in JavaScript. So yeah, all you need to think about is there is a box and that box now contains the name Alan instead. 

That's all that I would be thinking about if I was writing. When I'm solving the exercises this week, I've just sat down and done that this afternoon, I have thought about lots of boxes and what's in the box at each point. And that's all I'm thinking about. 

And so I don't want to be difficult, but I want to not be confusing your mental model or anyone else's at the moment by making it more complex than I think it really often ever needs to be. So, in this case, the action change includes another subaction throwaway. Yeah, that's a good way of thinking about it. 

In reality, when you tell Jicky to do something, you know, he's doing, there's lots of steps he has to take that are largely invisible to you. So he has to get something out. He has to throw it away.

He has to write something on a piece of paper. He has to put that in. He has to put the box back on the shelf. 

There's a whole load of little tiny steps he needs to do. What I want you to think about like more is what's the situation before the line of code has been run? And what's the situation once the line of code has been run? So, if we go back a second to one of the drawings we've just done. So, let's just jump for a second back into here just for a second. 

So, if we're here with this fill, in fact, let's choose, let's just delete all of this for a second. Okay. So, we have a state of affairs here that is before this line of code has run and after.

So, before we run this line of code, there is no yellow circle. So, our world before that line of code is no yellow circle. Once we run that line of code, we have a yellow circle. 

Our world has changed. It now has a yellow circle in it. And that's how I want you to really think about every line of code as you go through this whole thing. 

There's a state before the line of code has run and there's a state afterwards. And the line of code might have lots of little steps and lots of things that might get complex. But certainly for a keyword thing like change, all that really matters is what was the state of the world before you ran that line of code and what's the state of the world after. 

So, before there was a box that had the label name on that had a piece of paper called Jeremy in it. And after there's a box on the shelf with the label name that now has a piece of paper that says Alan on. And really, that's the only thing you need to think about. 

When we use the set keyword, before that, the shelves are empty. Once we use the set keyword, there's now a box on the shelf that's got the label and got the piece of paper in it. All of the fiddly stuff that happens in between, you don't need to think about really too much.

As long as you sort of understand that, yeah, Jicky's getting rid of that thing and putting St. Klaus in. And the real reason I have made a big deal of this throwing away thing is so that you remember when you change something that you take out what's in there and put something in instead. Because one thing that can confuse people sometimes is they think, okay, do we now have Jeremy and Alan both inside that box? And what I want you to remember is that you can only have one thing inside the box. 

In this case, you've got a string that was Jeremy when you set it and now you've got a string that is Alan. And so, that's really the thing I want you to get clear. There's lots more comments. 

Let me read through some of these comments. Does that answer that question for you, Daniel? Are change and set functions? No. So, change and set are keywords. 

They are different functions. They are special words that Jicky understands. There are lots of keywords. 

Pretty much every language has keywords. And they're not functions, they're not machines. Think of functions as machines that Jicky goes and picks up off the shelves and uses. 

These are instructions that you're giving to Jicky. And that's why I sort of want you to think of this word instruction. Because this set really is like, it's an instruction. 

It's you telling Jicky what to do. Whereas when you are using a function, you're telling Jicky, the thing you're telling Jicky to do is go and use that function and get it off the shelf and use it. Whereas these keywords, and they appear in a different colour in the editor, you'll see in a second, they are instructions to Jicky.

Does anyone else have any questions? These are some really good questions. I really appreciate you asking. If you don't understand anything, please ask. 

My aim with this is clarity. And you can guarantee if you don't understand something, there's a lot of other people who are quietly sitting in the background also not understanding, but too scared to speak up. I don't think you, just to reinforce what people have said, to those of you that know about memory allocation, all of this, you don't need to think about any of that.

I'm going to say for years, like, unless you're working specifically in some language that you need it, like, you can go years without thinking about this and still be a really good developer. So, I hope Jicky never goes on strike too. Trust me, when I'm sitting there and making Jicky and helping Jicky understand more instructions, Jicky often goes on strike and Jicky and I often fall out. 

But by the time we give Jicky to you, hopefully Jicky is well behaved. Yeah, I will get to DJ's question. Don't worry. 

The name Jicky, I'll answer that another time, just so we don't go too off kilter. Jicky, there's a couple of versions of Jicky. The Jicky that you're using is written in JavaScript, but there's other secret versions of Jicky as well written in other languages. 

Okay. Yes, Glenn makes a great point there. These keywords, and there's a few of them, you can't use them as your own labels. 

So, you couldn't have a label that sits on your box that is set or a label that's on your box that is two. If you try and do that, it will just not work and you'll get an error. We say that keywords are reserved words. 

They're words that you're not allowed to use for your own meanings. Whenever you use the word set, Jicky expects it to be used in a way that Jicky knows how to use. Okay. 

Alexander, I will come to that in a bit. We'll dig into that in a second. That's really good. 

Let's not worry too much about whether Jicky is, how Jicky compares to other languages and other things. I know for those of you that have been programming for a while, these are quite interesting questions, but let's put all of that aside and just focus right now on learning how to use Jicky. Otherwise, I think we'll get a bit too off kilter.

Let's stick with where we're at today, which is what a variable is, rather than getting too deep into other things. Okay. So, a good question, a good sort of overlap between the thing that Glenn just said and the thing that DJ just said is that it's important to understand that each box has to have a unique label on it.

So, once you have a box that has the label name on, you can't then set a new box. You can't use the set keyword to set another box with name. When that happens, Jicky is going to look at shelves and be like, hold on, there's already a box with name on. 

I can't make two boxes with name on. The whole universe will explode if I try and make two boxes that have both got the name label on and the whole world will actually explode. So, you will get an error if you try and set name on line one and then set name again on line two. 

Once you've got the box on the shelf with this label name on, if you want to change what's in it, you have to use the change keyword. You can't use the set keyword again. Does that make sense? Let's, I'll come back to the functions versus instructions thing in a little bit.

Let's not get too deep in that in a moment. Just I think otherwise we'll all be having different conversations and different ideas. The next thing just to understand as well.

We have all of these shelves and on these shelves we have boxes and every box has to have its own unique label. You also can't have a box that shares a name with a function. If you remember, we've got these shelves with boxes on to all the variables and we've also got our shelves with all our functions on. 

If we had got a box that has, sorry, a function, a machine that has the name move, we can't then use move as a box, as a variable later on. Once something is on one of our shelves, whether it's a function name, a machine, or whether it's a variable, a box, once we've used that label, we can't then reuse that label for something else. And again, Jicky's whole universe will just explode if you try and do it. 

He'll be like, there's already a box called move. I can't, there's already a machine, a function called move. I can't also put a box with the same label. 

Once you use a label once in your programme, it's then reserved. And that's really important to know and to trust him a little bit. Does that make sense? Any questions about these things? That's correct, Josh. 

So, set creates the box. Once you've created it, you can't recreate it exactly. Instead, you use change to change what's inside it. 

Again, I'm going to ask people not to compare this to JavaScript or Python or other things, because I think people will get confused. I think you'll confuse yourself as well, said in a respectful way. No. 

So, variables and functions are not the same things. So, we're going to look at some examples. There's enough theory we've gone through here. 

I think it's important to dig in some code, look at some examples. But to just try and answer that question, functions are things that do things. So, turn right, it does something in your programme. 

If you think back to the maze, when you called move or turn right, that is an instruction for the, for the, for Jickey. Well, no, let's not use that language, that'll confuse you. When you use turn right, that is a machine that Jickey runs that makes the character turn right. 

When you use the move function, Jickey gets the move function and that makes the character move. The boxes are just storing pieces of information, and we'll see, we'll see why and how in a second. They're storing piece of information like numbers and strings and other things. 

So, functions are machines that Jickey can use to do things. Variables are boxes that Jickey stores things in. And keywords like set or change, those are instructions to Jickey. 

Those are you telling Jickey to do something with either the functions or with the variables. So, yeah, if you want two boxes to, if you want two different names in your programme. So, if you want to put together a sentence that's got two names in it. 

So, for example, you've got a sentence which is Jeremy is friends with DJ. And you've got Jeremy and DJ as two names. You would need two different boxes. 

And in that situation, you'd probably have a box which would be like name one and another box which would be called name two. And those would be two different boxes on the shelf. So, you'd say set name one to Jeremy and set name two to DJ. 

And then you would do something that uses those two boxes to put them together into a sentence later on. To answer CT, we haven't discussed objects, arrays, floats, doubles in the course yet. So, I'm only going to answer questions about things that we've already discussed in the course. 

One of my big rules for this course is we're not, is to not just pull all of these different ideas that you might know and just sort of throw them all in. We're going to take things one step at time. And so far, all we've learned about are calling functions, using functions last week. 

And this week, we're learning about variables. And then we're going to learn about one more thing in a minute. Anything I've not taught, I'm not going to bring into your knowledge base at this point.

And I would appreciate mentors sticking to that as well. Okay. Let's have a little look at some code. 

I'm just going to take a, we're going to look at some code and then hopefully this will clarify how everything sits together a little bit. Before everyone gets a bit overwhelmed with all of these different things. So, let me just decide if I'm going to move on to one slide first.

Okay. So, let's spin up some code here. So, we're all very, very familiar at this point with these three lines of code. 

Everyone knows that this first line of code changes the colour that we're using to yellow. And that this second line of code creates a circle. And that is therefore going to be going to be yellow. 

So, where might we want to use variables in this? Well, there's four different things that would benefit from having a variable here. So, the first one is if we want to store this colour yellow in something that's a bit more meaningful, that helps us remember what that is. So, we might want to create a variable for this using the set keyword that we've just learned, which is called the sun colour. 

And we might set it to be yellow. Now, this line of code here, hopefully everyone remembers. Let's just jump back into the slides we looked at a second ago.

So, I wish I could get rid of some of this annotation. Let me see if I can undo a million times to get rid of some annotations. Drawn too much on here now. 

There we go. Beautiful. So, you've now seen this. 

Set name to Jeremy. And instead, we're now looking at set sun colour to yellow. So, take a second just in your own minds and just think about what this line of code is doing. 

What is set sun colour to yellow doing? Just take a moment to think that through. I'll put this up as a reminder for you. So, hopefully, the conclusion you came to is that we see here we've got set name to Jeremy. 

And we see on here, we have set sun colour to yellow. Hopefully, you can see those two things are pretty much the same. So, Jicky is going to get a box. 

Exactly. Going to get a box and put a label on it of sun colour. My handwriting is terrible. 

And in that sun colour, rather than putting my name, they're going to put yellow. And that's going to go in here. So, rather than changing the value, they're going to create a new box. 

That's the key thing to think about here. Set means to create a new box. And then at the end of this, we're going to end up with a shelf that has a box with the label with sun colour on it.

So, now, let's do something useful. We've now got yellow in here twice. The reason we are setting the sun colour to be yellow is that rather than specifying here that we want it to be yellow, what we want to do is just say, OK, we want to use sun colour. 

And in doing this, we can now use this function, fill colour hex, and we can use the value yellow that we've stored in this box, and we can put it into the function. So, that might take a moment for you just to think about and just to absorb. And you'll be glad to know we have some slides that will help hopefully with this. 

So, let's look through and just think for a second about what is going on here. So, we've got these two different lines of code. Here, I use sky colour in the thing you've just seen. 

We've used sun colour. We've got the first line, which sets the box and gives it, puts the string blue in it. And then we've got the second line that we're looking at here that's probably a bit scary and a bit, yeah, a bit intimidating, which here is fill colour hex, sun colour. 

Let's break it down. It's not, it's not, it's, it's, it's unfamiliar. It's not hard, I promise. 

It's just unfamiliar. So, we've got two things. We've got this fill colour hex, which uses the fill colour hex function. 

So, Jicky's going to go, he's going to get that machine off the shelf. And then we've got sky colour. So, he's using the fill colour hex with the contents of the sky colour box, or in our example over here, he's using the contents of the sun colour box. 

So, let's think through exactly what's happening. So, firstly, he's going to go and get the sky colour box and get the thing that's inside. So, it's blue.

Then he's going to go and he's going to get the fill colour hex machine off the shelves. And then he's going to use this machine and he's going to put blue into the machine. And that's going to do exactly what fill colour hex has already done. 

Okay. So, you understand the fill colour hex function. You've been using the fill colour hex function for a few days now. 

You know it just changes the fill colour to a value that in this case is yellow or blue. All we're doing by using this sky colour here is telling Jicky to go and get the box off the shelf that's got the label sky colour, find what's inside it and use that as the value instead of just manually specifying the value by typing it directly in there. Okay. 

On a scale of like, in fact, I'm just going to do a poll of this. Let's see how absolutely lost or not people are. So, how are you with this? I'm going to add some options for you. 

Okay. Vote on this poll. I'm going to take some water while everyone votes.

Okay. 63 votes and no one is struggling a bit. One person is struggling a bit. 

That's fine. I feel really bad for calling the person out just as they press that button. Okay. 

So, I'm going to keep going. To the person that's struggling a bit, please don't get disheartened. You might just find as we walk through stuff it becomes clearer.

So, just take a breath. Like, even if this feels a bit much, I promise none of it is hard. It's just unfamiliar. 

I want you to keep saying that to yourself. It's just unfamiliar. Once a couple of things click, you'll have a couple of light bulb moments, it will feel okay. 

Okay. Good. So, let me just remind myself where we're at. 

Okay. So, we're just going to look at some examples. So, let's go back over here. 

So, hopefully, you can all see now, if I can find my mouse, there's a few more things we can do here. So, we can say, set the sun radius to be 15. And then we can say, okay, let's use the sun radius. 

And we can say, set the sun x to be 75. And we can use the sun x. In fact, we can call it cx, or in fact, centre x is better. Let's be really explicit. 

And then sun centre y to 30. And if we run this, it all still works exactly the same as it did before. Okay. 

To answer Chris, the fill colour hex, originally, when I made this function, I called it set, I think it was either set fill colour or set pen colour. This just literally sort of sets the ink in the pen. That's the way to think about it. 

Changes the ink in the pen. And then every time we use that pen to draw a circle, to draw anything afterwards, it just uses whatever ink was the last ink that was put in there. So, that's how that works.

Does that make sense, Chris? Or have I misunderstood your question? Okay, great question. I'm hoping I'm pronouncing your name right. Arisha or Aresha. 

I don't know, Arisha or Aresha. So, that's a really, really good question, which is going to lead me on to the next thing. Are you asking why I can put the word yellow in here and it works, Chris? Or are you asking about why? Or are you asking something else? As in this, this, okay. 

So, why is it called fill colour hex? No. So, it could be, so, okay, great question. So, fill colour hex is, it's a function that's on Jiki's shelves of function.

And when you start an exercise, I, in the background, put these functions on the shelves so that Jiki knows what functions are there. So, the functions that I've given you for this exercise are circle and fill colour hex and, I guess, ellipse and rectangle. All of those different functions are on Jiki's shelves and the labels they have on them are this and this.

I could have called this function anything I wanted to in the world. I could if I want to call this function Chris Holmes, and it would do whatever I tell it to do. And in a couple of sessions time, you're going to start making your own functions that you can call whatever you want, that can do lots of things.

I called it fill colour hex because fill and colour are pretty normal words and because you're going to use fill colour RGB and you're going to use fill colour HSL as well. So, I just thought that was a useful way of doing it. And hex, because of everything I explained in the first session about these colours being like, what am I doing? Something like this, if you wanted it to be a sort of murky pink. 

Yeah, that's a really good question. Thank you. So, erasure rather than erasure. 

Yeah. So, I will come on to your question in a second. It's a really good question and it leads on to a lot of what we're going to talk about next.

Yeah, it's not a special magic thing, like Jiki doesn't have any special knowledge of what fill colour hex is. It's not like, it's not part of a language Jiki knows. It's just that the machine that happens to be put on the shelves, the name I've given it is that. 

So, Jiki, when you write circle, Jiki is literally going and looking for a machine that's got the circle label on it. And if Jiki doesn't find a machine with the circle label, then Jiki will sort of say, I don't know how to do this, which just collapses in a world of pain, but it should give you a nice error message. I will work out why it doesn't. 

There you go. We don't know what circle means. Maybe you meant to use circle instead. 

So, yeah. But if we change this, it's not like we're building it into Jiki's knowledge. It's not like the language, the functions aren't part of the language. 

They're just different things that are on shelves. Every single programme you ever write could have different functions in it. None of these functions are special to Jiki script or do anything particularly magical. 

They're just functions that happen. They're just like machines I've built and put on the shelves for you to use. They're not something that Jiki has any innate knowledge about, basically. 

Unlike the keywords, which are things that are built into Jiki. Jiki knows what those keyword means. Yeah. 

That's a good way of saying it. The functions of the machines he has to hand today in his workshop, those are the machines that just happen to be there. Okay. 

So, there was a really good question asked by Eresha, and we're going to look at that now. So, to look at that, let's jump back and let's go back to, where do I want to start? I was going to jump back to the house, but that's one of your exercises this week. So, let's do Senka, actually. 

So, just to pause for one second. So, something awesome that people have been doing this week on Discord is putting together a whole load of things that they've been making themselves. So, people have been drawing all sorts of cool things in the bootcamp editor. 

So, a penguin with the exism face, amazing. This, which looks like a mixture between Katrina and the original exism devil logo. This, which we're going to come back to in just a second. 

This, which, I mean, this blew my mind. This is somebody just spent the NFL game they were watching last night making an image of me sitting here with all of this, which is just the most phenomenal thing. So, and this is really cool as well. 

I love this, stars and everything. So, loads of cool stuff. But the reason I'm just having this little interjection is I think it'd be really helpful to look at this duck and to recreate this duck and to explain why all of these things that we've been doing are useful. 

So, let's jump back over here. Yeah, seeing all of the drawings everyone's done, everything's been, it's been awesome to see all the effort everyone's been putting in. I really appreciate it. 

So, let's draw that duck together, the rubber duck. Reminder, rubber duck, you should all have rubber ducks and you'll see why. So, we're going to start off with, I have to look at a rubber duck. 

So, it's got a circle for a face. So, let's put a circle and let's put a circle, I don't know, let's start, put it in the middle. Let's make it yellow. 

So, fill colour, hex. Hopefully, everything I'm doing as I'm writing this, it should feel like not too wild for you to see. Let's put a background colour in as well. 

Sky blue, I think that's actually a colour. Don't know, let's see. Rectangle 00100. 

Yes, it is beautiful. Okay. Let's move it just down a little bit. 

So, to 35 and make it a little bit bigger. Okay. So, we've got rubber duck head. 

Let's move it down just a little bit more. Okay. So, we want to put, start off by putting this little red hat on top.

So, let's think through how we would put this little red hat on top. So, we know that we want to set a colour, red, and we know that we want to, say, put a rectangle on there. We need to work out where to put this rectangle, first of all. 

So, have a think just for a second, everyone, and just work out how do we get the rectangle. It's sort of like going here. So, it'll be slightly on top of this, like just inset into here.

What do we, how big do we want it to be? Have a think. What would you write? What code would you write to make this happen? I haven't done any of this in preparation, by the way. I'm just drawing this for the first time and I'm not very good at drawing. 

So, we're working this out together. So, I want to sort of put it, I guess, probably on the top of the head, and then probably like three in from that. And I want it to be half the, half of the, I don't want it to be half of the width of the head, or a third of the width of the head, third of the radius. 

Let's say third of the radius. So, the way that we've been doing things so far would be, I would say, okay, so I want it to be a third of the width. I want it to be a certain height. 

So, let's say I want it to be a height of five. Now, my radius here is 25. So, that's a whole diameter of 50. 

So, I want it to be a third of that. So, let's say it's about 18 across. And then let's say I want it to be on top of this. 

So, I know that this is centred 40 down, 25 radius. So, it's 15. So, I want to come down to about 17.

So, I'm going to do something like this. It's in the wrong place. Okay. 

So, yeah, it needs to come to the left a bit. So, how far to the left? 41, 9. It needs to be up a bit. No, the other way.

You see how this is quite a painful way to do things? I don't feel like I'm really thinking things through very well here. It just feels all a bit arbitrary and a bit hacky. But it's like a legitimate way of doing it. 

The reason it's hard is because there's not actually any relationships being specified between things. I'm just trying to hold in my head all of these different things, all of these different numbers, and then piece things together. And that feels like really painful in my head. 

Like, it's already quite overwhelming. Like, I'm just feeling a little bit stressed. I'm getting a little bit sweaty just sort of trying to do that live on a video. 

For you solving an exercise, that's going to feel stressful. And there's a better way to do this. So, let's start off and use some of the variables we've just learned about to think about this. 

So, we've got a few things that we can specify. So, we've got a head radius of 25. And we've got a head centre x of 50. 

And we've got a head centre y of 40. So, we can put these in. Oops. 

Sorry. So, this is where I start writing in the wrong language. This was predictable.

This was going to happen. It's writing jicky script. It helps. 

So, let's set our head up. Always add some comments. Lots of code. 

Let's add some comments. So, let's say the duck's head is here. So, we've got the head centre at 50 here. 

We've got its down head centre is at 40. And its radius is 25. So, we've now put our circle. 

We've used some values. Now, let's think about this hat. So, what do we actually want the hat to be? We talked about this. 

So, we want the hat to have, let's use some things. So, the hat height. Well, this is just something we can choose. 

Let's say we want it to be 5. So, we put this in. Let's say we want the hat's width. So, the hat's width, we actually want to specify as a relationship to this. 

So, we want the hat's width really to be probably the head's radius over 2. And we can use that in the function. If I can stop using equal signs everywhere. And we can say, okay, well, we want this to be centralised, but I don't have to work this out every time. 

It's quite annoying to work out 41 in my head. So, I can say, okay, the hat's x is the centre of the whole thing. So, it's the duck's centre x, or the head centre x, sorry, which is here. 

So, the centre point. And then it's minus half of the width. So, we can say minus the hat's width over 2. And I can use 2. And we can say, okay, now we can use the hat x. Okay, now it's perfectly central. 

And now we can say, okay, where do we want the hat to be? And we can say, okay, well, let's set the hat's y to be the head's centre y. And then let's say we want it, so that's going to put it here, but we want it to be up a bit. So, we can say, okay, minus the hat's radius. That'll put it on top of the hat. 

Okay. And then we want to bring it down a couple. So, we could say, okay, let's bring that down a couple. 

Okay. And that's going to put it around the right place, but we need to take its height into consideration. These, the y's actually always confuse me a little bit. 

So, we've got the centre of the thing minus its radius. We want to take it up minus 2. So, here we go. Okay. 

So, now we have this little rectangle on top that's based not on a load of arbitrary stuff that we're having to hold in our head, but actually based on relations to this other thing that we've got. And if we now moved the head centre from over here and moved it a little bit to the left, the whole thing will move with it. And if we move it down a little bit, the hat moves with it.

And so, suddenly, you're actually using some code. Rather than you just specifying inputs into things, and then every time you want to move something, you have to update all the numbers, we can just have one or two numbers that we specify at the top, and a load of relationships to those numbers that we can then use. And I'm going to jump ahead just for a second. 

I'm just going to show you something. So, this is a sprouting flower. This is one of your challenges for the week.

And there's a lot of code here that you're going to write. But everything you're seeing in that sprouting flower is just exactly what I've shown you. And I'm emphasising this here because this sprouting flower is quite tricky. 

This is not a 10-minute job. Even for the mighty DJ sitting in the chat, it's at least going to take him 15 minutes, maybe five minutes. He'll see that as a challenge. 

But this is a challenge that's going to take you three hours, a lot of you, maybe four hours. But nothing in here is any more difficult than what you've just seen, where we're setting relationships between things. And as time progresses, things can change, and they can move, and all of these things are going to happen. 

So, which drawing was I in? I think I was in a weather one, wasn't I? So, let's just sort of slow down a little bit, and let's move this back into the middle. And I just want everyone just to take a couple of minutes, just quietly, just, again, take a deep breath. I'm just going to read through each of these lines of code with you.

And I just want you to really just calmly think through, visualising Jicky in his warehouse, what's happening at each line of code. And I want you just to really calmly do that. Forget these first two lines. 

I'm just going to start here. And just work with me slowly, just in your own mind, just think this through. So, set head centre X to 50. 

Just think through what you think Jicky's doing in his warehouse. I'll just pause. Okay. 

So, Jicky is going and getting a box, writing head centre X on the label, putting the number 50 in it, putting it on the shelf. Okay. The end of this line, there's the shelf, it's got one box on, head centre X. Next line. 

I'm going to go back a little bit as well, so we can walk through. So, okay. So, now we're back here. 

So, next line, what's it doing? Okay. New box, head centre Y, new box label, putting 40 in, putting it on the shelf. What's on the shelf now? Two boxes, head centre X box, it's got 50 in it, head centre Y box got 40 in it.

Okay. Next line, head radius to 25. Three boxes on the shelf at the end of this. 

This one's a new box with the label head radius 25. Okay. Fill colour hex yellow. 

What's Jicky doing? Pause for a second, think what's Jicky doing? Okay. He's going to the shelves, getting the machine, the function off the shelf that's got the fill colour hex label on it. And he knows it's a machine, because you've used brackets. 

That's how he knows it's a machine and not a box. And he's gone, and he's got written yellow on a piece of paper, and he's run the machine, and he's put yellow into it. Okay. 

So, now we have the ink colour. The ink colour in our programme has been set to yellow. Okay. 

Next line. This is the big line. The scary line, circle, head centre X, head centre Y, head radius.

Take a second, think through very slowly the process. Take it, what's Jicky doing? First, step by step by step. What's he getting off the shelves? Just think it through. 

Okay. I'm just going to jump over here and just remind you a second. Okay.

So, slightly different example, but same thing. So, he's going to the shelves and he's getting the things he needs. So, he's getting head centre X, he's getting head centre Y. He's getting head radius. 

He's getting the things that are in there. So, he's getting pulling out of the head centre X box, pulling out the number 50. Go and get in the head centre Y box pulling out the number 40. 

Go in and get in the head radius box, pulling out the number 25. he's going to get in the circle machine and then he's using the circle machine with all of these three things put in okay then we're doing the same thing new box new label put in a five in it new box hat width what's Jicky doing here we've not talked about this yet what's Jicky doing here let's think through what Jicky's doing here so Jicky's going and getting this head radius box off the shelf and he's looking up he's getting the head radius it's 25 and he's saying okay he's gonna do a bit of maths this division sign tells him to do a bit of maths so he's gonna do the head he's gonna get the head radius box see what's in it 25 he's gonna divide it by 2 and that's going to give him we come here that's going to give him 12.5 so he's going to create a new variable a new box with this hat width and in it he's going to put the number 12.5 the next one is going to create a new box which is hat X and he's going to the same thing he's going to get the head centre X from up here which is 50 and he's going to then do a bit of maths he's going to use the hat width which is going to get from what he's got here 12.5 is going to divide that by 2 so that's going to give some number that I can't do in my head 6.25 and he's going to do this so you see how he Jicky is doing all of the maths for you see how I tell you the programme isn't about maths we're gonna get the computers to do the maths for us I don't have to think in my head anymore okay I have to do 12.5 divided by 2 that's 6.2 like I'm not good with maths I can't do all this mental arithmetic in my head it's like it's painful for me to do but I can tell Jicky to do it for me I can tell Jicky to go and get something out of this box do some maths put it somewhere okay I'm going to pause take a moment read the comments I'm going to pop another poll up to see how everyone is doing oh the other poll is still going okay let me close this other poll start a new poll that's where people were okay okay we're just about hanging on we've got a bit we've got a bit too fast for a couple of people most people are just about hanging on okay I'm going to tell you briefly at this point what your first exercise is for this week and if you're feeling overwhelmed like if you if we've got if we've got too much for you you might at this point want to just say okay I'm calling it a day I've been listening to Jeremy talk for two hours now nobody should have to deal with that I'm gonna I'm done for today I'll come back to this what you might like to do is when you come back this is the next exercise the first exercise sorry in level two and basically you're going to turn the scrambled house that you had and turn it into a structured house I've called it where you're going to set variables for everything I'm not going to scroll because that would allow you to cheat but every single function input in this whole house is going to be a variable and your job is to only use the things I've told you about in here you can use these numbers so you can set the sky's width and high and height and you can set the house left because these are specified here but nearly everything else I'll give you some hints here is relationships between things so if you're feeling lost go and watch the last half an hour again and then maybe come and do this exercise before you watch the rest of the video so we're going to talk about one more new concept next but it might be good just for you to really calm slow work through this exercise because it's quite familiar to you already this scrambled house you've already worked through it and just turn things slowly into this and for everyone that's feeling absolutely fine we're going to take a five-minute break and then we're going to crack on in a minute but you might also want to do the same like you might want to just sort of really go and do this and nail this and then watch the next bit that we're going to talk about again before they're moving on to the other exercises let me just check the final poll results in the comments and then we're going to take a little thing Glen thank you for asking yeah I'm calling the things inside the boxes values so if I talk about values yeah I'm going to say values inside labelled boxes Pete yeah you can you can change something from a string to a number so I won't mention I ain't going to it now but yeah you you can do that yeah you'll you definitely all owe Jackie a coffee or something okay good so people seem to be generally okay that's great can you protect a box from being changed that is a really good question I know you can't is the answer and you can't in Jicky script well you can't script at the moment I might change it so you can this is the fun thing about Jicky script I can make it up if we get two months down the line and we think that's a good thing I'll just teach Jicky how to protect boxes so this is why we're using Jicky script but in Jicky script at the moment no you can't protect box in other languages yeah you can protect boxes that's a that's a big part of a lot of other languages when we get to JavaScript that's a really critical thing but uh yeah for now you protect boxes by being careful that's the secret just make sure that when you change a box you really definitely want to change that box yeah I'd like to reemphasize what DJ said like if it's getting a bit much just remember you're taking in a lot of information here and that doesn't mean that you're stupid like a lot of the people on here who are saying it's absolutely fine have been programming for like six months already okay so be patient with yourself if you watch this video and more importantly like do the house exercise that I'm showing on screen like if you do this house exercise that I'm showing on screen I'm pretty sure that by the end of that you'll understand everything I'm saying it's a lot better for you just to try this exercise out than it is for you just to watch the video a hundred times the reason you've chosen this boot camp is we're learning by doing so doing this house video is the key that this house exercise is the key way I think you'll start to absorb some of these problems the pace being too slow well the pace being too slow if you if you've done coding before then it will be too slow because you probably already know everything I'm saying presumably we'll get to a point where it won't be too slow because you'll be learning new things and at that point you'll probably feel like it's too fast and want me to slow down I think you just have to if you if this is already very easy and comfortable for you like you're not going to get a lot by watching another hour of the video you can probably just quickly skim through afterwards and sort of skip the bits that aren't familiar to you question I still don't think you still don't think I understood the reason for putting the box name instead of the value so if you put the value in the box if this if this okay so let's run this all the way through so if you remember how I showed a moment ago that you can change so if we move this everything moves imagine now I did all that maths manually in my head and so I'm just gonna do this so imagine instead I had put this all in here got rid of this done the maths manually and put the numbers in so now exactly the same nothing's changed except one I've had to manually work all of these numbers out instead of using code which feels like a bit of a pain in the first place but to if I now move the body left the hats gonna stay where it is because these are just numbers that are in this rectangle there's nothing about these numbers that have any meaning they're just hard-coded numbers that's the phrase we use hard coded I've coded these numbers myself and because I've coded these numbers myself they're fixed they can't change there's nothing about these numbers that can ever change but when I should have probably commented that out when I copy and paste this when I have this line instead rather than me having hard-coded the numbers these numbers all are using each other's numbers so when I then move this over here the hat moves with it when I move it back or down the hat moves around with it and it's not magic the reason these it's moving around is because we've created variables that all reference things that have come before the width references the heads radius the hat X represents the head centre the hat Y represents the heads Y so we've been able to create these relationships between things that mean now there's some intelligence in our coding we're not just manually drawing things anymore which doesn't get us very far as developers we're actually adding a little bit of intelligence into the code does that make any more sense Arisha okay great okay we're gonna take a five-minute break everyone my voice is gonna go if I don't and we'll meet back at quarter past if you're overwhelmed I think definitely stop now I really do like I don't want you just to absorb another new concept that we're going to go through if you're not overwhelmed if you're feeling good we're going to dig into something new after this and then I promise you the exercises are complex enough that even those of you that feel pretty confident it will push you a little bit so yeah okay so back at quarter past thanks everyone for the first half first three quarters of this I'll see you all in a moment you I don't know how to sign the name a lax a lax air a lax air you're concerned it's a bit too easy for you or slow for you are you experienced at development already how long have you been coding or are you new to the whole thing repeat beginner well yeah I mean I guess the one of the things in the course is I think the way most people learn coding is what causes them to fail and give up because I think coding is not taught well I think these sort of principles I'm trying to get across don't sink in for people properly and so I think that the idea of really just trying to internalise this way of thinking the reason I'm teaching everything in this way is so every time we add a new layer that layer builds on top of the layers that have come before and whereas I feel like in most programming courses you just keep adding information that's not very related to each other and it becomes very hard after a while to keep track of everything that you've learned so I think you know the whole point of this is about these fundamentals about get these things rock-solid once you get you know we're two weeks away from now you will have enough coding knowledge to be able to make any programme on earth that's not an exaggeration like you will be at a point where you are able to use all of the fundamental concepts of programming and you can make anything now if you tried to make anything with anything with just those you'd probably struggle because there were lots of easier ways to do it as you learn more advanced things but you'll get to a point where you can do anything and the only thing that will hold you back is how overwhelming it gets and how complex it gets and the reason it will get overwhelming and complex is because these beginning things just don't feel tactile so if you can solve the exercises this week in like 15 minutes and you can just blast through them all in that time then yeah you're probably like this is probably very basic for you but I suspect it will take you longer than that and I think those exercises are where the learning will be in challenging yourself to slow down to think through things well and I think that's the core thing to anyone that finds this maybe a bit easy at this stage and of course lots of people will because lots of people on the course can already code challenge yourself to do the exercises really well the exercises are where the learning is and even though you might find the teaching sessions a bit slow I still think the exercises will challenge you and push you in interesting interesting ways I hope anyway let's see how the following couple of weeks come yeah and I appreciate you being here and I appreciate you know the attitude and you speaking up as well just to be clear on that okay we're gonna learn another concept so we've learned variables everyone is now master of variables which is great congratulations everyone I'd also like to say you know I got this and this and that was about the length of my coding there so massive congratulations and well done to whoever actually drew the whole the whole duck that's a much better effort than than I just made in that we're going to look at another keyword that we can give Jicky and which order should I do it I'll start off by showing you the slide but we could I think we could do this either way but I'll start with the slide and this keyword is the repeat keyword now some of you are gonna absolutely jump up and down here and tell me I'm lying which is fine because I am slightly but those of you that think I'm lying you can just shush for a second and I'm speaking to the mentors so we're gonna learn a new concept first of all here which are what we call code blocks code blocks are so far we've learned everything in a linear way what do I mean by that so a linear way lots of lines of code that all just run in order so all of these lines of code just run one after another we do this one first we do this one first we do this one next this one this one this one etc linear one long line of code that we just keep going through until from start to finish and then we're done that's useful we can do some cool stuff with that as we've just seen but it's very limiting there's only so much that we can do until we need to start varying what code gets run based on different situations and a lot of what we're going to be learning about in the remainder of this course are these different times when different code runs in different ways and so we're gonna start off by looking at the first those in a second I'm just gonna tidy this up a little bit just to make our life a bit easier yeah okay so we're gonna start off by looking at a repeat block so the first thing we can do and a repeat block is something that says we want some code and we want to run it lots of times we want to run it repeatedly so if we go back to the slide we've got a new keyword here which is repeat you can see that over here and that keyword is an instruction to Jiki let's take a look at this here actually it's an instruction to Jiki that for some amount of times in this case four times that's the worst arrow anyone's ever drawn ever for four times Jiki is going to run this piece of code we then have this do an end which is what this slide is explaining do an end start a block so all of the things in between this do and this end are what the repeat is talking about so the repeat will do everything in here however many times you tell it to if you have used other languages before you might have used curly brackets this does the same as do and end or you might in Python have used a colon which is the same as do and then Python doesn't have ends it just use spaces but we don't worry about that but what you care about is Jiki script and in Jiki script if I undo a little bit in Jiki script we have an instruction and then I can't I really can't an instruction and then the thing that it's talking about the do and the end which is this so this bit here gets repeated over and over again so the example I was going to show you here and I want you to visualise this first in your head and then we'll look at it in code but let's say we're back in the maze world and we've got these instructions move and turn left we all know what those do moving move someone forward turn left turns them out so if we have this block of code repeat four times do move turn left what we're saying is we want Jiki to start here use the move function then use the turn left function and then do the same thing again use the move function use turn left function and then do the same thing again use move use turn left and then a fourth time move then turn left so if our starting position is here we firstly start off by moving and turning left and then we do it again we move and we turn left and then we do it again we move and we turn left right again we move and we turn left and then by the end of the fourth time we're back to where we started and we haven't had to write move turn left move turn left move turn left, move turn left. We've just used this repeat command, this repeat instruction, to tell Jiki to do the same thing four times in a row. 

Now we're going to look in a minute at lots of ways we're going to use this, but let's just stop there. Are we happy with what we've just been through? Any questions about that? Give me a yes if you're happy, ask a question if any of that's a bit confusing. In fact, give me a yes or a question so I know how many people are here, because I don't know if everyone just left in that interval. 

So definitely give me a yes if you're still here and you're okay with it. Okay, lots of yeses, great. Still people here, that's a relief. 

I've got a fresh matcher as well, which is going to power up my brain. A question from Glen, or was there a question above that I missed? Or did Glen just say a question to let me know she was there? Yeah, brilliant. Okay, good. 

So let's just look at this for a second in some code. I'm just going to jump to the maze, you've already done. In fact, let's just delete this.

So let's think about what we can do. So we can't go in a full square because we'll hit the wall, but we can come down here, go across here, go up here. So let's just write this out manually.

So if we want to do move, and then move, and then turn right. Let's see where that gets us. No, it gets us wrong because we should be turning left. 

Okay, and then we want to do the same thing again, move, and then move, and turn left. And then we want to do the same again, move, move, turn left. Okay, so we've written out the same three things three times together.

So instead, what we could do is we could say repeat three times, do, and then run that code, if you can spell. So, okay, and then we can use this scrubber, and we can see, yeah, the same code is being run three times. And then we could, if we wanted to, get Jicky to turn around by saying, sorry, get Jicky, get the character to turn around by saying, okay, repeat two times, turn left.

That doesn't really help us much. What might be nicer, if we then say move, move, and turn right, we might then want to say, okay, we could repeat five times. Okay, one more, six times.

Do you like that little swivel there? And then we're going to turn left, and we are going to then move two times. Magic. I hope that is relatively straightforward. 

Is there anyone that's got any questions about this? Do we have to start lines with indentation? So, it's a great question. So, you don't have to start lines with this indentation in JickyScript. If I don't do that, like this, everything still works fine.

When we get to next Monday, I'm going to start enforcing indentation. So, you've got a week where you're allowed to be a little bit naughty with your indentation, and mess it up, and do this, and everything would be higgledy-piggledy, and it'd be a total mess. If you do this, you should feel great shame. 

This is not good. You should be neat and tidy as a programmer. But right now, nothing will go wrong if you do that. 

But from next Monday, if you do this, higgledy-piggledy-ness, the code won't work. It will say, you've not done your indenting properly. It doesn't work. 

And the reason for that is this is really important, because as you get more and more things, and we get more and more blocks, we could do repeats inside repeats. And we could, in fact, we will do a whole load of things like this. And these could get quite deep. 

We could have a whole another one in here, if we wanted to. And suddenly, if we end up in a situation like this, it gets very, very confusing to know what this, is this turn left repeating here or here? It gets a total mess. So the only way that any of this stays sane, the only way that we can cope as programmers with all of this, is to use indentation properly. 

Times is also a keyword, yes. So repeat, times, do, and end are all keywords. So you specify here the number of times you want to repeat, and everything else, other than that, around this is a keyword.

And these, as we know, are just function calls. Yeah, you learn to indent so Jiki doesn't get mad at you next week. That's exactly it, yes.

Can I do something like repeat x times things are being repeated? Could you explain that question again, Nicole? Sorry. Is there a way to repeat infinitely? Jiki has some other keywords, such as repeat until game over, which you can use. And that will repeat until something goes wrong. 

So we can, I don't know if that's enabled on this exercise, but yeah, so that will just keep repeating until something breaks and goes wrong, or until you get to the end of the maze, and then it will automatically stop. And there's also a cap there that it will only repeat about, I think, a thousand times, something like that. I can't remember the exact number. 

And that number might change for different exercises as well. Sometimes I might only let you repeat 20 times in an exercise. Sometimes I might let you repeat a thousand times. 

It would depend on the exercise. In other languages, there's always ways to infinitely repeat things. And these are called loops. 

So if you've studied programming at all, you'll have heard of loops. These are loops. There are lots of different types of loops. 

But the most simple loop, in my opinion, is this repeat loop, which just says do this thing four times. And can you repeat three times, repeat two move times, turn left? Yeah, yes. Can you put, so can you sort of put a repeat inside a repeat? Is that, I think that's what you're suggesting. 

And yes, you can do that. So you have six things that have one repeat that does twice, and another repeat that does twice, and then the whole thing happens six times. Yeah, 100% that happens. 

I understand now. Thank you, Glenn, for clarifying as well. I wasn't sure. 

Yeah, got you. Okay, any more questions on that? Or should we put together variables and repeats and start to do some things that are a little bit magic? No questions. Okay, good. 

So how do we use variables and repeat together? Someone who's not a mentor, or if you're not a mentor, and you're not relatively experienced a developer, if this stuff is new to you, have a think about how you could use repeats and variables together, as long with the functions that we've used. Go put your mind back into the drawing world. Where were we? Over here.

And in the comments, put some suggestions on what you think we could do with these. Evenio has some idea. And why? Why can we use them? What can we do and why can we use them? Give me some ideas.

You could use it to make the rays of the sun. Okay, animations, film art. Yeah, you'd need to create the boxes. 

Those are variables. And then what can we do with those boxes when we're repeating things? You could do things like the raindrops as well. That's true.

Do you all know what flip books are? Are you familiar with these things? Give me a heart of a ta-da or something on the YouTube button if you're familiar with these. These are flip books. Flip books are books of animations. 

So, each page has a slightly different drawing where you've got a drawing and something changes. And then you flip through. And as things, every page hits your eyes, it looks like an animation.

So, I'm not going to risk trying to embed a video in the video, but let's try it. Let's see. I can't resist. 

Hey, guys, I've got a little heart. Okay. So, this is, can you see this? Yes, great.

So, this is a flip book. So, as you flip, the person, the scene changes slightly every time. It's a new scene every time, changes slightly every time. 

And so, we get to the animations. So, this week, we're basically going to start to build these flip book style animations where, on every iteration of the loops, that's what we say, every time the loop, the repeat block runs, every time that loop runs, we call it a different iteration. A different, you can think of it as like a different step through, different iteration through. 

And we're going to change the variables slightly to make a slightly different image appear. Okay. So, let's jump back over into our example here. 

Let's get rid of the hat. Okay. Let's make this a sun again. 

It's reading the comments. Okay. So, we've got a sun. 

We've got its X, its Y, and its radius. And we've got a sky as well. So, let's, for 10 times, think about how, so, these 10 times, you can think of them as 10 different pages in that flip book that we're doing. 

And every time we want to change something a little bit. So, let's say we want to move the sun to the right each time. Think about how we could do that.

If you think you know how to do it, and again, if you're really experienced, don't just put it in there as a giveaway for everyone. But if you're new, in the comments, just put how you think we might do this. And I'll give you a tip. 

We have to write a clue rather. We have to write a line of code here. What's the line of code that we're going to write there? That will move the sun on each page or move the sun along a little bit.

Okay. So, the move function is a good idea, but we don't have a move function. We will have a move function. 

We're going to add a move function. But right now, we're not actually moving anything. Right now, every time we do a loop, we're going to paint a whole new sky, and we're going to draw a whole new thing.

So, we're painting a new sky that's blue, and then we're drawing a new sun on it. Each of these, because we're drawing a whole new sky every time, we're effectively just making a new page in this flipbook every time. Okay. 

Yeah. So, people are starting to get it. So, we want to change the sun's x-coordinates each time. 

So, if here, we say, okay, let's change the sun's x-coordinate, what do we want to change it to? We want to change it to whatever it already is, plus one. So, let's just think about this line for a second, and then we'll see if it works. So, what does Jicky do when he sees this line of code? He says, okay, I'm changing the sun x-box.

So, he goes and he gets the sun x-box, and he says, okay, what needs to go in it? Sun x plus one. Okay. So, what does that mean? Well, it means he needs to look at what's in the sun x-box already. 

So, it starts off as 50. He's going to add one to it. So, it becomes 51.

And then he's going to put 51 back in the box again. Then the next time he goes through, because this repeat loop, the next time we get through, he'll go and he'll have a look in the sun x-box. And in the sun x-box now, it's 51.

And he'll add one to that, and it'll be 52. And then he'll put 52 back in the box. And then we'll carry on. 

And then next time he comes around to the same, 52, 53, puts 53 back in. So, if we hit check scenarios, and let me just do this in a slightly different exercise, where I've got some slower things for you all. That's a bit too beautiful. 

Yeah, that was a golf person. Let me choose this one. Okay. 

You can see now, and if we do this like 40 times, we can see that the sun moves all the way. So, let's start over here at 25. So, it starts on the left. 

So, every single one of these frames, think about what we're doing. So, we come inside the repeat block. We increase this sun x by one. 

We then paint the sky again. So, it's a new page. Everything goes blue. 

And then we draw the circle on it. We go through again. We draw the sky. 

And now we draw the circle, one further to the side. And as we do this, the sun moves. And it's a bit flickering. 

See how it's a bit flickering? It's a bit flickering. It's exactly the same as that flickering effect you get when you're flicking through a flip book. I'm saying the word flip and flick a lot. 

As you flick through that, you see a sort of flicker effect because your eye sort of knows it's not perfect, but your brain sort of works out that it looks smooth. That's exactly the same effect we get in here. Now, as we move on into other weeks, we're going to look at, I think it was Nicole that suggested using a move function and moving things instead.

So, we actually move the sun. But for this week, we're just using flip books. And we're going to keep doing this sort of thing over and over again. 

And we're going to do various ones. So, we've got this exercise as a sunset exercise. So, you start off with this image here on the right-hand side with a little sun, some sky, the sea, the sand. 

And then the sun comes down setting and it gets bigger and more orange. And then the sky goes purple as sunset comes in. And eventually, you can see it just peeking out and then it disappears. 

So, the exercises that you're going to do this week are all going to be around setting up these repeat blocks, setting some variables, and then changing the variables to make things move. Whether it's the sun moving down, whether it's the sun getting bigger, you can animate colours by changing the RGB or the HSL of colours. And so, we'll have a look at those. 

And all of these things are just using this repeat block and using variables that we change. I'm just going to cough a second while people tell me whether how does it end. It ends whenever it runs out of time. 

So, it will repeat this 40 times. So, whatever you put in here will repeat 40 times. So, this will start off sun X at 25.

By the time it's finished, it will be 25 plus 40 lots of add one. So, it will be 65. So, if we run this all the way to the end, excuse me, you can see by the end, it's got to 65.

And it started over here. If we scroll down, it started over here at 25. In fact, it starts at 26.

And this is a really useful thing to think about. You might think it starts at 25 because you've specified the sun X as being 25. But actually, before we get to drawing the sun, we already add one to it. 

So, by the time we draw the sun for the first time, this is increased by one to be 26. So, already here, it's basically impossible to tell, but the centre of this circle is 26. And that's something to watch out for because you will get caught out about that.

So, what you want to do is think about these initial values that you set. You want them to be the value before the first frame, not on the first frame. Or the other option would be to move these changes to the end. 

But the way I want you to do it, and the way the instructions ask you to do it, is to set these to be one before whatever you want it to be, and then put all of your changes at the start of each of these repeat blocks. And that will move it along like this. Is it possible to break when the radius gets to 100? No, it won't break. 

It will just fill the whole screen. And in fact, we have a zooming in animation. I've decided not to put it this week because I thought there were too many already. 

But we have a zooming in animation where it starts off with a, what are they called? Sort of like a magnifying glass. I can't remember. But like you've got a dish with a little fly in the middle, and you basically start off and it's just a dot in the middle in the circle. 

And then you zoom in and the fly gets bigger and the circle goes out. Eventually you can only see this fly full screen. But yeah. 

Okay. How are people with this? Does this make sense? Are you lost? Let's do one final poll on all of this. How are we? Great. 

Here's a poll. Yeah. The Discord sounds are on my laptop. 

Sorry. Yeah. You could, exactly. 

You could put the change at the end to really start at 25 if you want to. But I think conceptually, it's easier to set all of your variables at start, and then you sort of, or change all the variables to what you want them to be, and then use them in that same repeat block. There's not a right or wrong here. 

I just want to be clear on that. But for me, it just conceptually is a bit easier to think of the block that starts with do and finishes end. Think of that as one thing. 

And to start with, I just want to get all of the variables, all of the boxes right. And then I want to use them in the sort of second half of that block. So I'm really encouraging people to like, think about, put your variables first, then put your drawing second where you can.

If the one person who's lost, like, don't feel bad. Feel free to ping questions on Discord. We're now entering the realm where mentors, especially those that have been on this call, are like, in a really good position to be able to help explain things to you.

So if you remember on the forum, we have very specifically a category in Boot Camp for conceptual help. And this is the category if you've got any questions about, I don't understand how this repeat thing works. Why does the do end do what it does? Create a topic on here, and people will be able to answer your questions on there.

And because it's not about an exercise, there's not like, we're not going to try and ask you questions back. We'll just help you get to understanding about that. If it's on this conceptual help area, just in generally about understanding things, definitely feel free to ask questions. 

And also check the other questions and answers that people put on here as well before starting your own thread. It's a great way to learn from the other questions people have got. Okay, good. 

Everyone seems to be happy. So, the exercises this week, I'm just going to talk you through them. So, the sunset one, first of all, let me just find some of this stuff for you.

Okay, so we've got a sunset exercise that looks like this. So, this is the aim of this exercise, okay? Making the sun yellow, orange, just peeking out and then going. Read the instructions carefully. 

For this, you need to use, probably want to use HSL colours, hue, saturation, and illumination. We looked last time at different colours. If we look at a colour picker here, you can choose, you can sort of find the HLS colours here.

But there is another one that I've been using, this one, which is quite good because you can find sort of a colour up here that you want to start with. So, say you want to start with a red like this, and you can work your way down and use the bottom colour. So, this is good because this is just the H changing on the HSL.

And one of the exercises that we're going to do is this rainbow exercise that does exactly that. So, hide the code for me. But yeah, so we're going to build this beautiful little rainbow like that, and this just changes the HSL. 

We've talked about the structured house. So, structured house, turn everything on here into variables, pretty straightforward. The sunset we've just looked at, the sprouting flower. 

This is the trickiest one. I've asked here for you to really take a few minutes to work all of this out. I really want you to think about how you conceptually achieve these things.

Get a piece of paper, write down all the steps. Then once you've got a solution, scroll down to here and actually read things. We also have golf. 

This is quite a simple one. And this is the one that was here at the start with a little golf player like this. Your job is just to put a little ball on the tee and then roll it over here into the hole. 

And as we move forward, we're going to start to add some stuff to this. So, we'll detect when the ball is over a hole and drop it into the hole. We'll have a little bit of a score on here. 

We'll add some things in coming weeks to this as well. But yeah, to start with on this one, this is the first animation exercise. And you're just going to take the ball and just move the ball over here. 

Nice and simple. The one thing to know as well is that there's this clear function. For certain ones like this exercise we've got here, we don't actually want... If you put a background colour on here, you're going to lose the beautiful picture that I've put here because it will cover the whole thing with the background. 

So, instead of that, you can use this clear function at the start of each of the loops. And that just deletes everything that you've already drawn. It just clears the slate and it will just leave this pretty picture there behind the scenes. 

So, that's what this clear function does that you need here. Okay, good. I'm going to end that poll. 

Most people seemed happy. Any final questions before we get started? Well, not get started, get finished. And you can go and get started. 

I really want you to take your time with all of this. We've covered a lot. If you go to the level page, you'll see the order I want you to do these in.

Please do them in this order. If you try and just jump into this, it will overwhelm you. And we're going to... All of these new exercises in this will come live probably in about two hours from now. 

I'll push all this live. So, go and have some time off now. If you do want to do any more, you can do a bit of it in a couple of hours.

But yeah, good luck with it. I expect these to take most people longer. Like, I could see you spending a couple of hours getting this exercise solved. 

So, please take your time with it. Please think about relationships between things when you're doing this. I expect some of you to just get a bit stressed, overwhelmed, and just feel like this is too much. 

I can't do this. When you get there, you can do it. It's just scary and unfamiliar and there's a lot. 

This is why the mentors are here. Remember that the learning, all of the learning you're going to do is not in listening to me. It's in battling your way through this. 

Even if this exercise takes you four hours, five hours, ten hours to do, if you get through this exercise, you will understand all of these concepts. If you listen to a hundred tutorials and you're not understanding it after what we've just said, you still won't understand it. You're only going to understand it by doing it. 

So, work on it, persist, break it down into small steps, get the circle, get the pink circle working, then the little yellow circle, then the stem, then one leaf, then the other leaf. Get each of these bits, whatever feels comfortable working for you. Don't just try and do everything at once. 

You will get overwhelmed. And please speak on, please open threads on the forum. If you're feeling stressed, just say on the Discord, just be like, oh wow, these exercises are a lot harder than I thought they'd be. 

I'm really struggling with this. Use Discord to support each other. Please don't give answers away to each other, but please do just support each other. 

Just encourage you to just say, don't worry, keep going. You've got this. Let's support each other on this journey. 

That's the Discord is there for. It's to encourage each other and support each other. Okay, good. 

We're done. And that was another long session. I'm exhausted. 

That's, I think, the hardest sessions done, honestly. Everything else now is just going to be small incremental little chunks that we do week by week. Once you've understood variables, once you've understood that repeat block, once you've understood functions, honestly, from here on in, it's such smooth sailing. 

These are the hardest things to get right. They're easy just to hack at, but to really visualise Jicky and that warehouse doing those things. If you get those visualisations right, if you can read this code and feel comfortable with it, the rest of this course, it's going to be fine. 

I promise you. There's nothing we're going to cover, nothing that's harder than this. And most people think they understand this stuff.

And then in six months realise they didn't really understand it. And that's why they get stuck. Everything else, if you get this down, you're going to be fine.

Thank you all for watching. Again, thank you for the positive energy. You're all awesome. 

I'm really enjoying sharing this with you. I hope you're enjoying it too. I'm going to go and take a break, get some food, and then I'll push everything out to you in a couple of hours from now when I'm back. 

Look forward to seeing you on Saturday when we'll go through the exercises and look forward to teaching you next week. We're going to be looking at if statements and a couple of other exciting little bits as well. Thank you all. 

Good night. I don't know whether HSL works in dark mode. I'm sorry. 

Thanks everyone. Bye for now.